What did you do last night?
Song Jingjing
You actually slept with a duck last night
Hahaha
I'm sorry, little lady.
Blame you for being a father
I'm broke.
Ok you Song Junjun
Ah, I'm worth a dollar.
Why is Cher calling me so much?
Cher, what a coincidence
What are you doing here?
Unfortunately, I'm waiting for you here.
Wait for me why
Ah, I remember now.
You were there last night.
Yeah, let me tell you something.
I slept with a duck last night
You mustn't tell anyone about this.
Are you sure you were talking about ducks yesterday?
Yeah, I can't even remember what he looks like.
But he seems to look alike.
But I won't mind in the future.
As if nothing had happened
Song Qianqian
Don't forget the agreement between us
Of course I remember.
Never fall in love with the southern scenery